Welcome to the [music] official Saster
Podcast where you can hear some of the
best SAS speakers. This is where the
cloud meets
up today on the Saster Podcast. Let's
talk about another assistance that we
built. This is for our expansion SDR.
And our expansion AR does crossell often
like new products into existing customer
base. We have about 15,000 customers. So
we're looking to cross cell into them.
The problem here was that when we did
our jobs to be done mapping that we
found that every expansion SDR was
spending 2 hours a day finding
customer information to really make a
relevant call and we said okay let's
let's change that
and one of the go to market engineers
built like this assistant do you see for
example that the research time that an
ESDR are spent on this work went from 2
hours a day to 15 minutes.
Hey Sasser, [music] imagine having
agents for every support tab. One that
triages tickets, another that catches
duplicates, [music] one that spots churn
risk. That'd be pretty amazingly, right?
Happy Clash just made it real with
autopilot. [music] These pre-built AI
agents deploy in about 60 seconds and
run for as low as 2 cents per successful
action. [music]
All of it sits inside the HappyFox omni
channel AI first support stack chatbot
co-pilot and [music] autopilot working
as one. Check them out at
happyfox.com/saster.
Hey everybody, Saster Annual will be
back May 2026, [music] the world's
largest SAS and AI gathering for
executives. Just this last May, we
hosted 10,000 attendees [music] with 68
VP level and above attendees. 36% CEOs
and founders and 25% were AI first
professionals. It's the very best of
STER [music] attendees and decision
makers that come to Saster Annual and AI
Summit each and every year. But here's
the reality, folks. The longer you wait,
the higher ticket prices get. They're
cheap now. They're cheap. So just get
them early. Block in your spot today.
Use my code [music] Jason 100 for
exclusive savings. Get your tickets at
podcast.s sasterual.com [music]
or just use code Jason100 when you check
out. See you there. Saster annual and AI
Summit 2026. It will rock.
Hi everybody. Welcome, welcome back. My
name is Philip Lor. I'm the CROO forio.
We are a late stage HR and payroll
platform.
We have about 1500 people and Munich
headquarters. I will talk today about
our journey to become an AI powered go
to market.
Back in May, we had a big AI week with
our company. We called it the AI search
week. We gave all our people access to
LLMs.
We had speakers from OpenAI, Mistrol,
AWS.
Our CEO Hano and co-founder kicked off
the week and then we had project teams
who could build agents who can build
with the help of like engineers and it
was a huge success. The entire company
was buzzing and after that we've been
monitoring usage of LLMs and AI in the
company. My go to market team uses now
about 90% of the people uses LLM every
week
and so this was a big success.
However,
after the AI search week, we felt that
although usage was high that this is
maybe not enough to reach like true
transformation and to really
fundamentally change the way we go to
market. And so we started an initiative
that is called AI powered go to market
and this is our Slack channel which we
started about mid mid June so about 6
weeks after the AI search week and this
was started by myself with the with the
help of a lot of people and what I will
do is present five lessons learned that
we have so far and the journey continues
and then I will cover like four use
cases and after that we'll do some Q&A
with with Amelia. So, five lessons
learned in building the the a AI powered
go to market lesson number one next to
like a great bottoms up motion where you
give all your people access to the tools
and where you train them or where you
help them, you also need a top down
motion. And the top down is important
because when you start talking about
real transformation of your go to
market, you need to make decisions about
resource allocation, you need to give
people permission to spend a lot of time
on changing workflows and changing ways
of working. You need budget.
We heard earlier today like okay, you
can start testing like lots and lots of
tools but ultimately you need to decide
which tools to go for. So I think it's
very important that in the journey from
experimentation to scale and a lot of
companies write like hey I'm staying in
this experimentation phase how do I now
really go to scale that you not only
have a bottoms up motion but that but
you also have like a top down decision
making
lesson number two the cross functional
approach is really vital and
we have we're lucky to have a data and
systems team. They own our
infrastructure, our systems, our
snowflake instance. We then have like
revenue operations and in revenue
operations we now have two go to market
engineers.
We have those since a couple of months.
One of them is here Patty. They have a
business background but also they're
very datadriven. They're very focused on
technology and you need to have that
mix. And then there is the business and
the business in our case for go to
market is marketing sales customer
success. So your entire post sales
motion and it's important that you bring
them all together. We started this AI
powered go to market working group which
is has about like 15 people and it keeps
growing
because we have seen cases where our
data systems team built things with LLMs
but it was lacking the business context
and therefore the models didn't work
very well or
we we had sales people wanted to do
something but originally they did not
have the support from either data data
or systems or revops.
And you need that as well. You need
really that combination. We also made
the the initial working group fairly
large. 15 people is a lot. And we did
that also to have like broad coverage of
all the functions. And to make sure that
we as we start to change our culture to
become more AI powered that we have more
people participating in shaping in
shaping the direction.
Then we said okay we started this the AI
powered working group. We had the slack
channel and then we had some initial
ideas of like where to start. We looked
at some use cases where we thought we
could have a lot of impact and then what
happened we started working on a couple
of these use cases and then the ideas
started flowing including from myself
and we saw more and more opportunities
and then people started to share those
opportunities in the Slack channels
people raising their hand and the
problem was that as people started then
to work on these new ideas that we
hadn't finished the first one. So at one
point it start to spiral a little bit
out of control and we said okay we
probably need to have to have a better
framework to prioritize really what
we're going to work on because if you
want to go from experimentation to scale
and you want to drive more
transformation then it's going to be
more work to make that happen and
therefore you really need to prioritize.
So we took two simple frameworks. One is
jobs to be done.
When I was in Dropbox in the past, our
product teams were always working about
always talking about jobs to be done.
It's a concept from Klay Christensen who
wrote about the jobs to be done from a
product. He had this whole story about
the jobs to be done of a milkshake. But
we are implying it to our go to market
roles. And the jobs to be done is what
is this role hired to do for and we look
at all the different roles in go to
market. So SDR sales customer success
solution engineers what is really their
job to be done and what our go to market
engineer will do then one of them
shadowed an account manager or a number
of account managers for two weeks and
she found that the account managers were
spending their time in seven or eight
different systems. They in order to do
to perform an a simple task they had to
switch from one system to another bring
together information and became very
complex and they started doing readouts
of these jobs and say hey this account
manager job is losing two and a half
hours per day here they're spending 3
hours a day there per week they working
in all these different systems and we
started mapping these different jobs now
the next thing that then happened is we
saw like there were a lot of the these
examples in all our different roles. So
then the question becames now we got all
these different jobs. How does it all
now fit together and we said okay simple
framework number two let's look at our
customer journey and let's see how these
different jobs to be done now fit in and
so we started mapping them to our
customer journey and we found out okay
we have some for the SCRs we'll talk
about intent we'll talk about win loss
and so on. So, and this was important to
give our teams context and to show how
these different things fit together. And
I think it's important to look at like
where do you have a problem in your
growth? Where do you have a problem in
your in your in your business that you
want to solve and and and how do you
prioritize where you were start working
with AI?
The next one then was you need to build
a culture of AI and and go to market.
Transformation is also very much about
like are people adopting it? Are they
really embracing it?
We spoke about like what are the
characteristics that are that are very
important to build an AI powered go to
market. For me the number one
characteristic is curiosity.
We see that the people who are very
curious, who are really leaning in
trying to figure how this figure out how
this new world, how it's working and how
it's evolving very very fast, they are
the ones that help you drive things
forward and
but we felt it was very important to to
build this culture of AI in in go to
market and this AI search week was for
us very important.
But when you look at like culture
change,
we adopted or I I adopted always this
this formula which is the effect of a
plan of a trans or of a transformation
in this case to AI is the quality of the
plan times the acceptance and so 5* 5 is
a lot bigger than 10 times one. So the
acceptance part and the creating of buy
in and getting people comfortable with
like how jobs are changing, how their
work is changing is a very important
part and that journey will will will
definitely continue as we continue to
make progress.
And so what do we do? We try to make AI
a habit by leading it, by showing it,
and by celebrating it.
Let's talk about the first one, the the
leading it.
We use Gong is one of our platforms.
Gong also uses a lot of AI. I'll give
you an example of the role modeling.
When I do like deal reviews and we bring
in account executives to talk about
their deals,
every once in a while, one one came up
with like big power points of like how
they're going to win this deal. And I
would always go like, okay, please go to
Gong, open up your account. There's new
functionality in there. There's this
little AI sign. Go in there. Now you
look for the account brief and
everything is there. And
in real time, we would do away with
PowerPoint. And then the next time you
do these reviews, the reps like relearn
it. And I think it's really important
that my leads do this as well that they
really look at like the tools, get into
the tools and teach the team how to like
use the AI to their benefit and there's
many applications to do that. There's
also a great example of handles. Your AI
can help you with handles as well.
Second one, sharing and inspiring. We
try to put a lot of our own teams on
stage and have them share what they have
built. So, one of the teams built an
assistant to personalize
customer decks. So, a very simple
assistant
uh there's one team that built like an
assistant to answer RFPs. We let the
teams share those stories and and
inspiring inspire their their peace and
the rest of the and the rest of the
organization. And the final thing is
then also celebrating.
We reward like people who really help us
drive this AI powered go to market and
one of the things that we did is we have
every year our president's club and
early in the year we announced that we
actually have two or three seats this
year for the coming president's club for
the best contribution um of AI and we're
going to nominate a number of projects
and there will be real seats in that
president's club and next year there
will be even more seats.
Then lesson number five, great AI comes
from your stack, but then equally
important, your context. And we heard a
lot about that this morning as well.
When when you look at our stack,
initially we take the view, let's not go
out and buy all these tools because
usually the tools are not like the
panacea. There's there's usually a lot
of work that you need to do in your
workflows, in your data, and other
things. So we said okay let's start with
what we have and start building from
there and then add LLM to it and then go
from there and this was this is our
initial stack.
So we were on we are on Sal Sal Sal Sal
Sal Sal Sal Sal Sal Sal Sal Sal Sal Sal
Sal Sal Sal Sal Sal Sal Salesforce you
can also be on HubSpot we made a big bat
on on Gong
earlier this year and why did we do
that? Because for a goto market
organization the customer conversation
is obviously a very important source of
data and we felt that conversational
intelligence with with gong or with
someone else was be was going to be at
the heart of our AI strategy. We also
rolled out qualified
but not initially for AI. We did it
because we wanted to have like fast
meeting booking and we wanted to have
like have a sense of like who would
visit our website for intent. Only more
recently maybe in the next in the last 6
months qualified started to adding AI
capabilities and we started using them
and I'll show you later how how we do
that. Snowflake we already had we put a
lot more data in in Snowflake both
structured and unstructured data and
then we overlaid our LMS with Amazon
bedrock so you can use like various LLMs
and we thought
okay we probably also need to do a lot
of work on our data so we dduped all our
Salesforce data because initially
onethird of our data in Salesforce were
duplicates so we had a lot so we
installed like automatic dduping. We
also spent months cleaning our prospect
database. We bought external data
sources and also there we try to like
clean them up, connect them to have like
also a great prospect database and that
is all work that you is that you can do
which is sort of independent from your
AI but makes your AI much much better
and we decided to make that investment
early on.
Now, what did we do then? We connected
basically all our customer sources
on our customer conversations. We loaded
sort of 5,000 Gong calls in in
Snowflake. We added a lot of emails. We
added we connected to Salesforce.
Brought that all together. And then the
thing that was also important is that we
added Personio specific go to market
technology. So we added our ICP
definitions, we added our pitch decks,
we added our onboarding processes, we
added product training materials and so
on and so forth. And this is really
critical to really train the LLMs and to
make it specific for your go to market
for your customers and for your your
products.
I also believe that it's not on one hand
you need to have enough data there but
on the other hand it's you also need to
have relevant information and one
question that will come up is at one
point this data will get still so at one
point the AI the AI models will get
worse so we're we're going to run into
this question like hey how do we keep
everything fresh and how do we actually
take all the data or data that are less
relevant how we're going to take that
out. We haven't answered that question
yet. So in the next update, we'll give
you an update on that. And then so those
were initial learnings that we had on
how to approach the the transformation
to AI. And now let's look really into
like four use cases that we have. The
use case number one
was about everything about win loss. So
we wanted to have like more AIdriven
customer intelligence and understand
more why we win deals and why we why we
lose deals. And the problem was the
following.
Our reps would fill out Salesforce after
they had won like a deal or lost a deal.
And when you look at them a lot of data
points were great but there was always
like 30% was due to other and even in
the cases where we had good information
from the reps we always wanted to go
deeper and figure out okay yeah let's go
deeper on like why this is happening and
we felt that the insights were simply
not not deep enough.
We then said, okay, how can we leverage
AI to do that to go like to get more
insights? And we went back to like all
our conversation data, our emails, our
Salesforce data again. We loaded that in
snow in snowflake and we build then this
GPT for go to market and the goal was to
really better understand our loss
reasons, our win reasons and really also
get competitive competitive insights and
our marketing team had recently updated
all the battle cards. One of my product
marketing leads is is here. They did a
fantastic job and we but we were asking
like okay can the GPT now enrich these
battle cards and what we found was that
we were able to add like maybe 10 15% to
the battle cards that that initially was
not that clear to us and that's number
one and secondly battle cards are
typically pretty fast outdated so how
can you get to like a more continuous
process of updating your battle cards we
were able with with the LLMs or with the
GP G GPT to like have more dynamically
updating of our competitive battle cards
and we will keep doing this as we keep
adding like customer calls to the to the
GPT.
So that was that was the win loss use
case. But you can also see that this
this approach can really evolve to like
other use cases as well. And ultimately
the GPT can evolve into like a go to
market brain. You could do rep coaching
from this. You could do marketing
campaigns. You can give better product
feedback on that. So, so we have
analyzed also where we see a lot of
demand for like certain features and we
have now much more datadriven approach
to go back to our product teams and say
based on like 10,000 calls this is where
we see this product is doing really well
and here do we have he here's where we
have weaknesses where we can still build
and that datadriven approach is also
gives you a lot more credibility to your
product and technology partners
But again this will be a journey to get
to like a broader go to market brain but
you can see that over time you you will
be able to address more and more of
these of these topics and how this will
evolve exactly I don't know but I think
if when you lean in and when you start
doing this you you you will see like
more more opportunities.
Then let's talk about another assistance
that we built. This is for our expansion
SDR and our expansion does crossell
often like new products into our
existing customer base. We have about
15,000 customers. So we're looking to
crossell into them. The problem here was
that when we did our jobs to be done
mapping that we found that every
expansion SDR was spending two hours a
day finding
uh customer information to really make a
relevant call. So, so they were looking
for account health that [snorts] was in
Amplitude or some other system. They
were looking at like which contract this
customer had. They were looking at many
different things and it took them two
hours a day to really prepare the calls
that we're going to do. And we said,
okay, let's let's change that.
And we built one of the team one of the
go to market engineers built like this
assistant. And what you see is it's
actually connected to Salesforce. So
they go the EZR goes into the Salesforce
instance where they work in. They type
in the name of an account and then the
GPT start collecting information from
like maybe 10 or 20 systems. So it goes
into snowflake
collects all the information makes that
in a format that is relevant to this use
case a cross-ell use case and then it
also will also come with like a
recommendation of what to do with this
account and we'll say hey this is a
great account this this is a green one
but there could also be reasons why an
account is yellow or red and again
and then basically the EDR can can act
on that. Now what is now the people
always ask what is the ROI of AI? But
here you see for example that the
research time that an ESDR spends on
this work went from 2 hours a day to 15
minutes.
Not only that, you see here the the
pipeline that an ECR is adding with this
assistant and basically the pipeline per
FTE generated went up like probably like
2x and there's many of these when you
start looking at all your processes, all
your functions and you go to market all
your jobs. There are so many cases like
this where a lot of time is being wasted
on either bringing information together
from different systems or even like
prioritizing it.
We have actually as I said now 400 of
these assistants. Now the the top 10
does like probably 80% of the of the of
the value but we we keep coming and
people keep coming also bottom up with
with new ones.
Then let's look at intent.
Here the question is how can we make our
outbound motion better and the the
approach that we've been taking on on
generating pipeline. Most people unless
you're an AI company are always looking
for more pipeline. And so we went
through this journey where we want to
find the right accounts the right people
or the right personas
going out with the right message. The
LLMs help you with always tailoring the
right message but then also the right
time and right accounts.
I mentioned that we updated our prospect
database but we have also applied
account scores to our accounts and this
is really in line with our ideal
customer profile. So we score all our
prospects ABCD.
Then we say okay let's now go out to the
right people with the right message. And
to do that, a never- ending work is work
on the persona and contact data that is
still in progress. We rolled out uh gong
engage. We had groove. We that didn't
work very well. So we rolled out gong
engage but you can also use sales loft
or outreach or any of the others. And
then we use our LLMs.
But then the question is right time. And
this is often often the very difficult
question. So which prospect is in a
buying cycle and how do you know and
here you can buy a tool but here we
decided to to do that ourselves and our
data science team built based on a
number of signals in now also an intent
score which is dynamic and it's based on
like did someone come to our website is
there a former user of a platform that
went to another company is it a great G2
or trust pilot core or any of those and
you can really continue to reach that
and again we took the view that all
these tools need to come together in the
platforms where our people already work.
So again, this is back to like
Salesforce. We blanked out the names
here, but you see the account score
[snorts]
there. These accounts are all a that is
a static score. But next to that, we
have the dynamic intense score which is
now refreshed every every day depending
on where there's a signal changing in
the market. And then we we show these
little flames. So three flames, that's
where you start. And that is all
together in in in the in the in the
place where people already already work.
Now we we launched this in 10 model like
a couple of months ago and again you
need to fine-tune it. We saw that
initially the model was not great. It
was picking up some signals that we
didn't think were good. We changed it
and then it got like better and better.
Last use case is AI chat or the AI SDR.
Here we use for this one we used
qualified and I'll talk more about it
and I do believe that there's you can
pick one of one of the vendors out there
but the goal is to go like really really
deep with it and I'll show you how this
one works.
This one is really when you go to our
website, you can start chatting with the
the AI chat and
our our chatb is called NIA and NIA
starts chatting here and we do say here
that a prospect is chatting with with an
AI. So it says, "Hey, I'm Nia, your
friendly AI chat cones from from
Personio." And then what we wanted to do
is like the moment we get like a demo
request or a handraer, we wanted to like
quickly quickly book a meeting. And the
idea here is that your best leads which
are demo request or can I talk to sales
that you apply like high velocity. We
live in a real-time world. So
waiting waiting for a week or 10 days to
get like a demo booked that seems like
very very long in today's time. And you
see here that the prospect started
chatting with Nia request a demo and
then immediately a meeting is booked and
you can say okay this is just a meeting
booker. But what I think is what is
interesting first of all when you look
at the last seven days 140 meetings were
booked there were like 200,000 sessions
on a website so a lot and you see like
okay how many conversations are already
happening and we're probably a month six
weeks into this. The other thing is that
what is very interesting when you start
like reading the chats you see all of a
sudden you see that customers have
questions about your product.
They want to know what your minimum
price is. So so you're getting very very
rich insights in what what keeps what is
top of mind for these customers. And I
got totally hooked on it. I'm reading
these now every day. and my poor team
over the weekend.
What is also really interesting when
when prospects request these demos, you
see people 11 p.m. on a Friday evening,
they they think about requesting a pres.
Why? But they do it and and this 24/7
real time I think is super super
important. Now the problem is then
a bunch of these conversations go really
wrong. they go nowhere. No meeting is
being booked.
They got stuck for another reason.
At the same time, I've also seen NIA
answering product questions and I'm
like, how did you know that? I had no I
could not answer that question. I don't
think and my sales engineer might might
be able to do it, but this is a really
really deep answer. And so we felt that
training the AI chat is extremely
important. And so what do we do?
We don't have an Amelia, but we have an
AM. And she's she's here. She's sitting
over there. And we did say like, yeah,
someone needs to like take
accountability for for NIA for the AIDR
and train the chat like every day. And
we said, okay, Lee, you're going to be
accountable for for NIA and look at like
every day, look at the daily output,
apply feedback, and test in real time.
And there were things like initially we
found for example Nia started to give
like legal advice. He said ah better not
and then Nia started bashing competitors
like that's not us. So so those are
things that you run into and you only
learn that when you really start doing
it and when when you see like where
where the AI stops. And now Ami is
working with us in the team to like make
NIA better every day. And but it's
surprising to see what he already AI
already is able to do.
The question then is what's next?
There's four use cases and look we're
looking at a number of other ones
qualified as now more of the AISR you
can also do like video. We'll see indeed
whether I think we can do a lot over
chat but then there's for video we'll
try that. We did our second P with Clay
we start we'll we will start doing more
with that. Arches on is outbound SDR. I
think again the point is that the point
is not to take like test every single
one of them. You got to pick a couple
and and go really deep with them. It's
all about the training. It's all about
the data and and and I think over time
some of the capabilities will will
converge as well.
Rep coaching with testing with
hyperbound. This is where the an AI can
give can coach a rep and we've done like
some tests on that.
Some great results, some not so good
results. Why? Yeah, you got to really
invest the time to to train the AI. And
the question on this one on like a
coaching as well is like you you can do
it for your new hires because you do you
run them through an onboarding process
but will your the people in your team
the experienced people will they
automatically start engaging the AI to
get trained or not or are you going to
have like a a tail off where the AI
usage is becoming less and then we're
going to use Finn for customer support.
That's the second agent that we're going
to roll out in the in the next few
weeks. Now, one of the questions will
come up when you look at like NIA on on
the website on the inbound side. We're
not only getting demo requests, of
course, we're also getting customer
support requests. Okay, how are we going
to route those? Now, equally, our
customer support agent will also get
commercial questions. What are we going
to do with that? So, how we are we going
to connect the agents, have them talk to
each other? We don't know. We'll we'll
find out pretty soon. I think for now,
we'll probably end up with three to five
agents, but we'll we'll know more over
the next 3 to 6 months on how many we
really need and do you need one per use
case or are you bundle all your
commercial use cases and all your
non-commercial use cases? We don't know
yet. We're also using cursor and so on,
but that's that's more on the product
side.
So let me close here. So closing
thoughts lead from the front. I think
the real transformation is like needs
support next to the bottom up motion.
The approach has to be like cross
functional in my view. You need data and
systems and either go to market engineer
or revops and you need the business. One
cannot would do without the other. I
also believe that marketing sales
customer success are all converging.
It's the same prospects, same data. All
those workflows become mixed and hybrid.
You got to prioritize
where do you have your biggest pain?
Where do you have your biggest P&L
challenge? Where do you have your
biggest customer experience gap? Then
continue to build a a culture of AI. I
think it's also really important that
the people are excited about it and
people are leaning in and they feel
like, "Yeah, I want to be part of the
journey." And then realize that great AI
comes from your stack but equally also
from from your context.
Final thing you're bored ask and where's
the ROI? How much more are you doing? I
think the ROI isn't instant but I do
think it shows up in many places. deal
velocity, pipeline velocity, customer
retention, pipeline quality, win rate,
but also in making people works easier.
The the work that is being automated is
in many cases not the most the best part
of the job when you ask when you ask out
people. So for example, these expansion
SDRs, they love it that they have this
assistant now and they're using it every
day and it makes makes a job better. AI
needs daily oversight and I do believe
that the the gains are nonlinear. So I
would say really lean in. I believe
there's a compounding effect and I think
every week, every month we learn more
and we we we iterate.
Finally
final final comment. Look, we hear a lot
about these AI native companies. Clay
was on stage, others were on stage.
They're going super fast. When you're a
SAS company, I think it's your job to
become like AI first and to really
leverage all the all the capabilities
that you can get with AI. I wake up
every day and thinking we need to go
faster. We need to go faster. But that
is the opportunity for everybody and I
hope you take something away from us and
we'll open up for for Q&A. So, thank you
and I want to invite Emilia. Thank you.
This is great.
>> Hi.
>> Hi. Thanks for doing this. For those who
don't know, just real quick as an
anecdote, um some of the speakers that
you guys have seen today, like
throughout the day, like obviously I
work at Zastra, but we asked them to
come here and Phipe actually inbounded
to our AI speaker submission form, wrote
a really good speaker submission for
this London event, and then flew from
New York yesterday to be here with you
guys today. So, just a quick round of
applause because it's very nice of him
to do that. Hey,
how was that process for you? I know you
were like, "Okay, this is like kind of
fun to do at this one." It It was
amazing. Yeah. You had to fill out this
what I thought was a regular form to
apply for for the for the speaker and it
took 30 seconds and then the I got my
score. It was like getting your G.
>> The thing is that the first time my
score was yellow, so I was like, I got
to do it again to get to green. It was
very impressive and you see that
we talk about like how's the experience
of a customer with AI. I was blown away
because of the the quality of the
response and and the fact that it was
real time.
>> And when you think about it, if you if
you want to buy a car, you configure it
online, you can do 3D and so on. With
many of our companies, it's not the
case. And these process are not real
time. So I was really blown away by the
the real time aspect and the quality of
the response. So
>> yeah,
>> thanks for doing it. It was all by coded
and then we we talked cuz your score I
saw you I saw it in the morning. I was
like he submitted and it was like 70ish
so it was like yellow. Then he submitted
again and I was like okay. He got like
an 83. So I was like I'm going to reach
out. We didn't know each other yet. I
was like I'm going to reach out. I'm
going to we're going to figure out
what's and then we clicked and we're
like okay like you've got to come cuz
this is this is going to be too good not
to do. So that was super fun. A few
questions I want to try and get to and
then we will take audience Q&A too. But
for those who maybe don't know personio
as well, you guys are like $3 billion
valuation or something crazy like that,
like huge in the markets. You're global.
You have how many on your sales team
now?
>> Uh about 400.
>> Okay. So all that on yourself like
writing on you like was your CEO like
you need to figure out AI or were you
just like we need to do this to like
live up to our you know customers
evaluation and like where did it
originally stem from?
>> No, it stemmed from our founder and CEO.
So he he said hey we're going to be AI
first. We talked to obviously our VCs
and the board and they talked to us a
lot about AI.
>> Yeah. But our founder CEO kicked off
this big search week.
>> Y
>> and that was a sign for the company.
Okay, we're going to be AI first SAS.
>> Yeah.
>> And then it's for the leaders to really
take it into their their businesses and
and really lead from the front.
>> And how personally for you from your
journey, I know folks just saw a little
bit of, but how did you start to adapt?
Okay, you started looking at different
tools, rolling it out to the team, but
you've done a lot of it yourself much
like we have. like how did you just did
you just like lock yourself in a room
after that search week and get it done
before you rolled out to the team or
what was the methodology?
>> No. Yeah. Look um I use like
like everybody else but
when you really start thinking about
what the possibilities are and I I
started following a lot of people who
use like one of the tools and so on and
I try to
>> I I thought this is going to change like
everything.
>> Yeah. And we we got to seize the moment
to to be there and and lead from the
front. And now I'm like listening to
podcast your podcast every every day,
reading articles and it's going so
quickly.
You started back in summer as well with
>> with a Yeah. With agents. Yeah. We
started in May.
>> Yeah. Our AI search week was in May,
kicked off go to marketing June.
>> It's not even half a year and it's going
so quickly.
>> Yeah. I think that's it's important for
folks, right, of like I sometimes it's
intimidating when we we get up here, we
show all of our agents and like we could
talk about our next how what the next
problem is for us is keeping up with our
agents, but I think if you're still a
step back and deploying the agents and
so many of your points ring true, right,
of doing it yourself, just getting it
started and getting it going and these
things do take time, but they shouldn't
take too much time where you feel
crippled by it, right? Like we've all
done this in the last literally 6
months. like it is something that can be
achievable, right, with like the right
amount of time and then getting
everybody on board. And then just to
talk about it briefly cuz we started
talking about this backstage this
morning once you do reach this level
like how how are you keeping up with
your agents cuz I'm like I'm I'm
struggling actually. [laughter]
Yeah, no it's first of all it's very
addictive to lead the to read the
responses from the agents because you
really see like how customers are
thinking and you also see where your own
process falls short and it's actually
pretty pretty complex. So
you spoke about it as well where when
the when when the customer asks a demo
okay that's one question you you can
take care of that but if the customer in
one question asks I want a demo I want
to see your pricing and how does this
product work then you see that the AI
starts using a different flow they go
like okay I'm going to answer this
product question but I'm don't book the
demo or and those are things that are
hard to keep up with the other thing is
that
one one thing is like you're putting in
all these rules but then to some extent
you see part of it's not a black box
it's a semi-transparent box because
there's all these path that you haven't
seen yet and that's why you got to stay
on but
I really see like in the weekend now
okay in this weekend this couple of
thousand person prospect came to our UK
sites then I go to the GM um take a
screenshot and send screenshot from NIA
to to the
>> to and and it's very interesting and
when I see when the depth with which
some of the questions are being answered
I'm like mindboggling
>> and then at the same time very dumb
mistakes are being made it's like okay
how do we get that
>> and are you you're probably close to
24/7 to keep up with your agents how
much of the team now would you say is
also close to that
>> yeah as They say 90% of our people's
using LLMs on a weekly basis. So that's
a lot. A lot of people use the
assistance that we build internally.
That's a lot. I look at AI every day.
Every day.
>> Do you see your team like spending more
and more time with like do you see them
spending time like on their downtime on
the weekends like trying to keep up with
their agents too, not just you?
>> Well, well, we have the dedicated the
dedicated people that are looking at are
looking at it every every day.
>> Every day, every hour. Yeah.
It's going to take a lot of effort to to
get to like great and when you think
about this I think the initial way we
started was not fantastic for example
yeah these customers these prospects
asking for demos
>> these are your best leads
>> there was there there were definitely
like maybe four weeks where we didn't do
enough and
>> I don't know how many how many demos we
wasted by
>> not training neon really but Yeah.
>> And when you rolled it out to your sales
team, cuz you guys have a much bigger
sales team than we do, and people have
sales team of different sizes here.
>> I know you said you you've spiffed them
on doing President. Did anybody like
revolt? Was there any like negative
reaction?
>> No, no, it's been very positive.
>> Okay.
>> But people will ask, okay, how will all
these teams evolve over time? And I did
say like, look, the best career advice I
can give you is lean into AI. And what
we do know is that the job everybody's
jobs will evolve including mine.
>> Yeah.
>> And some teams will get smaller, other
will get others will get bigger and that
that is the case. So for example,
I think there are teams that where where
this is further away. For example, our
channel on partner teams. We can use way
more people there and other teams will
get smaller. So
>> yeah,
>> but it will evolve. That's for sure.
>> And have you seen it impact any of your
like headcount for next year already
because it's almost the end of the year?
No, we we will reallocate people.
>> Okay.
>> But but I think what we still see is
that
that when you do planning for next year,
managers say, "Hey, I need like 30 more
people." And that means that
there's still more work to do. That
default should be like, "Can I solve
this with AI?" And can we can we
ultimately the big question is can we
double the business with the same ad
count? Yes, that's for me the big
question.
>> Okay. Yep. That is a big question. And
when you're hiring specifically for
sales because you're a CRO, right? How
do you how do you look for candidates
now versus, you know, back in April when
you didn't have AI?
>> I would say for me that hasn't changed
that much because I think number one
trade is like curiosity.
>> Mhm.
>> That I think is extremely important. And
then things like grid and smarts, guess
what? All of these things are important
in the world of AIS. I wouldn't say they
change change that. I do think that
we're going to have like more people who
are very like on one hand data driven
and system think and right now we have
too many things that we for our for our
go to market engineers revops team we we
get too many things that we can work on
and like okay I would love to do more.
>> Yeah. Yeah. And when it comes to your
guys as use cases cuz you have classic,
right? Like outbound, inbound, which
really you bought qualified
interestingly just to just to help you
do round robin, right? You're like, I'm
just going to use the beatings booker.
If the rest works, great.
And now you have, you know, products
coming down the line. Are there other
use cases you see that maybe in your
proof you were not? I you started, we
started talking about convergence a
little bit. like where do you see that
in the next even like 3 to 6 months of
like okay for other CRO or maybe
founders who are still running sales
like what should like inbound outbound
support yes what else do you think they
should be thinking about
>> so first of all handoffs
>> handoffs
>> when you think about it why why would a
rep ever have to fill in something in in
Salesforce or in HubSpot
>> there there has already there have
already been customer conversations so
>> so anything that is like admin into your
CRM you be able we should be able to
automate that. The other thing obviously
is like cross-ell.
>> Yep.
>> I think there there part of the
complexity is that when you have like a
broader product portfolio, you go like
to look at the jobs to be done for an
account manager. It can be like okay
cross-ell this product, cross-ell
payroll, cross-ell these five apps, this
one need a price change, this one need a
standard renewal, this one.
>> So there sort of like five, six, seven
motions. And then when they have like
let's say book of business of like 200
accounts. Okay. Now you're problem you
got 200 accounts and per account you
need to know what to do.
>> Y
>> yeah. Okay. That's that's a ton of data
and it's workflow. So that should be
there is a way with AI to to make that
better. If we can say we we're going to
show you every morning these are your 10
accounts that you need to go after and
per account we're going to show you what
you need to do. Yeah. Your next best
action.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. That that can be totally
>> it's magic, right? If that works.
>> Yeah. Are you guys using it? I know I
saw your Salesforce flow. Are you guys
using it? But that look like it was for
new customers. Are you using it for
renewals too in any way?
>> No, we're going to we're
>> going to Yeah. Okay. So,
>> there we need to see indeed there also
the question is now now you start giving
all your customer data. So, how how do
you do that and we we got to think about
that as well
>> data and then have you because you're
going to roll it out. So you thought
through this maybe how are you going to
think like how are you going to handle
like if the AI totally closes the deal
who will take care of it and who gets
the renewal commission.
>> Frankly I'm not worried about that. Okay
we want to we want to grow faster and if
you see like okay this team needs fewer
resources we will reallocate into
another team. So
>> okay
>> I'm not too worried about
>> everyone's going to eat like it's going
to be
>> Yeah. But it is like it's not about
that. It's about faster growing. It's
about like
>> how can we allocate resources in the
most efficient way.
>> No, I like that.
>> If you're comfortable sharing it like
have you I don't think you've taken
anything from your current headcount,
but how much like are you spending six
figures right now on AI?
>> Uh more.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> No, like look, every STR agent is I
think about 100,000.
>> Yeah. Each.
And then just for folks in the room to
wrap and then we'll get to Jason's
session next. Any like I know you've
done a lot of really great advice. I
know you've been sitting in all the
sessions so you've absorbed a lot today
too. any like anything you should you
think they should avoid like you see
your peers making this mistake or your
colleagues making this mistake or you've
talked to some people today where you're
like you know maybe just don't if I
could tell you one thing to not do
because you feel there's a lot of really
great things to do what's one thing they
should not do
>> yeah I would not you said as well
endlessly testing tools you got you got
to dig in and go deep learn from it and
Jason said as well it's about doing AI
instead of learning AI. I think
>> if you try to read all the papers and
not do anything, I don't think you
you'll move fast.
>> And then for folks who want to reach
you, if we didn't get time for their
questions, because we're going to Jason
session next, how can they reach you?
>> LinkedIn or Clay. [music]
>> Well, thanks so much for doing this and
for submitting and making it through.
Yeah, thank you.
>> Nice to meet you.
>> Hey Sasser, imagine having agents for
[music] every support tech. One that
triages tickets, another that catches
duplicates, one that spots [music]
churn. That'd be pretty mainly, right?
Happy Fox just made it real with
autopilot. These pre-built [music] AI
agents deploy in about 60 seconds and
run for as low as 2 cents per successful
action. All of it sits inside the Happy
Omni Channel [music] AI first support
stack, chatbot, co-pilot, and autopilot
working as one. Check them out [music]
at happyox.com/aster.